all right I have harvested all my
cabbage I'm very excited to make what I
call German sauerkraut so what I've done
is I peeled off the outer leaves here
and won't be using those for the
sauerkraut then I've got the cabbage
heads I cut them in half and then I core
them take this core out then I quarter
them then what I do of course these are
rinsed I put them over here in the
slicer Dicer machine let me show you
what blade I'm using it's this blade
here it has actually two different sides
on I'm using the thicker of the two
sides just a long blade on it
that's the thick side and that's the
thin side so I have to pick your side up
this is a Bosch mixer it's wonderful
this great job also has the blender on
this side but anyway so I take the
cabbage head take the mat push her out
turn it on
I need a girl smaller cabbages
okay
so then I'll process the whole head like
that I'll take this out and dump it into
this four gallon bucket any bucket size
will work and then I have of course our
Himalayan crystal salt and I'm going to
sprinkle that in here just I'm not
measuring anything using the spoon as a
device to spread it out and that has
come in here and I'm just kind of
turning it around so the salt gets on
everything what's going to happen is the
salt draws the water out of the cabbage
and will make a puddle in here you can
see actually down I don't know if you
can actually see the water collecting
here but to there's some of the water
right there and it's been going up quite
a bit since I've been doing this so I
just kind of mash it up here mix it up
when I have all the cabbage mixed in
here with the salt water don't have any
other spices in here then I'll get a
plate and I'll put the plate on top of
here if there isn't enough water to
cover the cabbage I'll add some more
water to it I'll put the plate in and
then I'll put a weight on top of the
plate and that will keep everything
submerged underneath the water then I
just leave it on the counter for two
weeks I'll come back in two weeks I'll
taste it if it tastes right to me
then I'll will dump the salt water out
rinse it off and we have awesome tasting
German cabbage my wife will cook up some
sourdough bread and we'll have that for
just snacking on during the day or for
dinner the difference between German
sauerkraut and American sauerkraut is
that German sauerkraut is fermented an
American sauerkraut is that made with
vinegar which is very bitter I don't
like the American sauerkraut at all I've
spent a lot of time in Germany and I
like the mild flavor of the German
sauerkraut so you can do this with this
cabbage heads that you get from the
grocery store very easy to do sauerkraut
is a great probiotic so if you want to
strengthen your digestive system have
some sauerkraut or make your own
sauerkraut
anyway and so we're going to be a long
two weeks so I can eat this I love it
I'll rinse it and then keep it in the
refrigerator it'll probably last in the
refrigerator to two to three or four
weeks it probably won't last that long
in this household because I love eating
it
this is LDS prepper reminding you if you
are prepared you shall not fear and if
you get a couple heads of cabbage you
can make your own sauerkraut with a
little bit of thyme and a little bit of
salt